## Attributes:
   - subnet_name                                          = string # (Required) The name of the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
   -  subnet_resource_group_name                           = string #(Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
   - subnet_virtual_network_name                          = string #(Required) The name of the virtual network to which to attach the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
   - subnet_address_prefixes                              = list(string) #(Required) The address prefixes to use for the subnet.
   - subnet_private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = bool # (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private link service on the subnet. Setting this to true will Enable the policy and setting this to false will Disable the policy. Defaults to true.
   - subnet_private_endpoint_network_policies_enabled     = bool # (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private endpoint on the subnet. Setting this to true will Enable the policy and setting this to false will Disable the policy. Defaults to true.
   - subnet_service_endpoints                             = list(string) #(Optional) The list of Service endpoints to associate with the subnet. Possible values include: Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory, Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB, Microsoft.ContainerRegistry, Microsoft.EventHub, Microsoft.KeyVault, Microsoft.ServiceBus, Microsoft.Sql, Microsoft.Storage and Microsoft.Web.
   - is_delegetion_required                               = bool #(Optional) One or more delegation blocks as defined below.
   - subnet_delegation_name                               = string #(Required) A name for this delegation.
   - subnet_service_name                                  = string # (Required) The name of service to delegate to. Possible values include Microsoft.ApiManagement/service, Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB/clusters, Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureVMware, Microsoft.BareMetal/CrayServers, Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts, Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups, Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters, Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces, Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers, Microsoft.DBforMySQL/serversv2, Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers, Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/serversv2, Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/singleServers, Microsoft.HardwareSecurityModules/dedicatedHSMs, Microsoft.Kusto/clusters, Microsoft.Logic/integrationServiceEnvironments, Microsoft.LabServices/labplans,Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces, Microsoft.Netapp/volumes, Microsoft.Network/managedResolvers, Microsoft.Orbital/orbitalGateways, Microsoft.PowerPlatform/vnetaccesslinks, Microsoft.ServiceFabricMesh/networks, Microsoft.Sql/managedInstances, Microsoft.Sql/servers, Microsoft.StoragePool/diskPools, Microsoft.StreamAnalytics/streamingJobs, Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces, Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments, Microsoft.Web/serverFarms, NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments and PaloAltoNetworks.Cloudngfw/firewalls.
   - subnet_service_actions                               = list(string) #(Optional) A list of Actions which should be delegated. This list is specific to the service to delegate to. Possible values include Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/read,Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/read,Microsoft.Network/networkinterfaces/*, Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/action, Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action, Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/prepareNetworkPolicies/action and Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/unprepareNetworkPolicies/action.

## Notes:
1. Terraform currently provides both a standalone Subnet resource, and allows for Subnets to be defined in-line within the Virtual Network resource. At this time you cannot use a Virtual Network with in-line Subnets in conjunction with any Subnet resources. Doing so will cause a conflict of Subnet configurations and will overwrite Subnet's. 
2. Network policies, like network security groups (NSG), are not supported for Private Link Endpoints or Private Link Services. In order to deploy a Private Link Endpoint on a given subnet, you must set the private_endpoint_network_policies_enabled attribute to false. This setting is only applicable for the Private Link Endpoint, for all other resources in the subnet access is controlled based via the Network Security Group which can be configured using the azurerm_subnet_network_security_group_association resource.
3. In order to deploy a Private Link Service on a given subnet, you must set the private_link_service_network_policies_enabled attribute to false. This setting is only applicable for the Private Link Service, for all other resources in the subnet access is controlled based on the Network Security Group which can be configured using the azurerm_subnet_network_security_group_association resource.
4. Delegating to services may not be available in all regions. Check that the service you are delegating to is available in your region using the Azure CLI. Also, actions is specific to each service type. The exact list of actions needs to be retrieved using the aforementioned Azure CLI.
5. Azure may add default actions depending on the service delegation name and they can't be changed.